I just remembered something that I
recorded in case they delete it, it's going to leave you guys
broke. What have I told you these
days? These people have been talking bad
about Sara since she made peace with
Dallas, a person with whom I have
participated to some extent in a
kind of harassment back in the day seven or
eight years ago. Well, I think she deserves an
apology and I wanted to apologize. I
wanted to apologize to you for having harassed you,
for having threatened you and all these
things, I appreciate it, I mean, they got along with
her, they collaborated with her, they had
photos with her, they went out with her, they washed clothes
with her, they went on tour for the shows and
everyone was like and all that stuff,
okay. Until they made peace with
Dallas, the whole problem with them with the
peace with Dallas, I told you that, no,
these people are putting it green, that the
problem they have with Beijing is since they
made the peace, I have kept quiet
for a long time, no, that is the
headline that they went to the press to spread
lies, wismichu, I already said it in my video
yesterday, I think it was the video  he hasn't been
quiet for long wismichu and miare have been going at it
for a year and a half and I have it
saved they've been on video for a year and a half
putting up digs that only
those who know those
personal things about auronplay will understand And also
I wonder one thing what
intention does he have of sticking those dicks if
the audience isn't going to understand it the
audience doesn't understand it is supportive because they
are very personal things of auron that
auron says are lies well I don't
know I don't even care if they are
lies right But let's see what you
are implying what you
are implying to him that he is the
only one who is going to get it no And this is
true it can be proven and I have been
quiet for a long time about the same thing
Exactly the same as in 2017 the
same thing nailed it they have not changed do you
remember Quetzal who is a friend of
wismichu a colleague of wismichu and these
people who are the ones who burned the book of
Dallas no the fear of dying has so
little existence that when you want to
realize you are already dead that I am reading to be
and  Martin Heidegger's time or what
the [ __ ] is this I have I have to
hurt this page I have to
burn it loaded My cigarette they
sent me through the subscribers chat a
live from this man in which he was
criticizing my book tearing out pages and
burning it with a cigarette also the
scratches and things like that you want to contribute
something Before starting to talk
completely sure I would even
dare to say that they became friends
because Burning the book of dala came out
But well listen to me Listen to what he
says I don't know how Quetzal
got to tell this live I know it's
like it occurs to him to tell this
live and leave his friends sold
Okay look here I'm going to get into
the part a little So you say well This is a
semi-titling okay
pretty good And then we have
seen each other at events and we have gone out to
dinner and we have gone out to dinner and at one
dinner at one dinner I made a joke
about Dallas Ah okay I mean it's already
funny enough I have quite funny I mean
Already wismichu goes out with
friends and they make jokes about Dallas at that
meeting So I already made this a
meeting  from youtuber And such But you have to
give it your head you have to give it your head
but well it has been that salt has not been okay what is
strong is what comes now eh
what is strong is what comes now look but
my mistake I unleashed a conversation in which well
this I think I can say
is no secret wismichu I do not speak
very well about Dallas okay he started talking
about Dallas in that conversation with
people at a dinner I mean look man
your whole environment all your relationships
everything with who takes you with who you
fight with for better or worse revolves around
Dallas okay but it's that
a friend of yours is telling me here youtuber who
is a super hater of the dala that is
supposed to have a bad book and also had problems
with Dallas because of a joke
wismichu started talking about Dallas okay
anecdotes of Oh well this happened that happened etcetera etcetera
okay etcetera
etcetera
anecdotes anecdotes started to come out
that they had with this girl did you
get this did you get this in a
meeting with colleagues wismichu starts to
speaking ill of Dallas and Dallas the
conversation turns to Beijing And what
happens and what else
talking about
such people Yeah
yeah This girl is also such talking about
such people This girl is also such
look at you getting along with her being
her colleague of that to this girl is already like
Dallas they dedicate themselves to telling anecdotes
anecdotes you know what anecdotes they
started telling anecdotes And then I
was there and there were other people there were
other people and here it is and here here it is here here it comes
here comes the part where I'm
sorry listen to me the part where I'm
sorry too pay attention I told you that I was going to
leave you with your ass broken eh that I'm not
going to be yours your best source
of gossip Okay You are they started
commenting anecdotes
that auronplay's girlfriend didn't like him it
became clear to me that he
didn't like auronplay's girlfriend okay This was a
while ago okay okay since I already made a
tweet today I made a Twitter thread which is that
everything doesn't matter if I say it
now I'm not up to
tell us who's coming out I'm not saying
anything secret I've put it and well a
little yes it's worth a little so
words wo
n't happen that being tell it has
done many bad things not
specified too much
anecdotes were told about this about this girl and there
was a moment when I stood up and
said I'm sorry but this is disgusting
disgusting and I don't want to know more about
these bad people like I don't want to know
people exist what the [ __ ] even to put
Beijing and Dallas green so that the
Quetzal would get up and not want to
hear more I'm going to smoke outside what would I
say to
convince someone present to
go with me but all the
[ __ ] gossips who were there preferred to
listen to all the
absolutely abhorrent and
disgusting anecdotes disgusting anecdote about
this person and I really didn't want to know
anything about her it's a bit like watching a
dangerous Only that it's not a lie
then of course that's how I understand the
feeling Of course but also the
white thing was naturalness they spoke about it
naturally because they will talk to more
people I already told this in its day
they  they dedicate themselves there sowing, I mean, with
a naturalness like things that
should have traumatized him sportingly
for some reason the
funny anecdotes and a lot of people Deal with
trauma this way,
watch what they're saying eh Yeah yeah yeah but
but [ __ ]
and I was like but but I mean
telling as if it were normal things that
[ __ ] I'm going to tell them because I already
said that I left you never know man
you never know man what he gets into and I just do
n't understand why this man has
made direct contact This
is Rolando This is Rolando on the
forum gossiping through he sent it to me
yesterday by email okay surprise he's not a
good person okay
And no brutal eh brutal I
don't know I have no idea I'm not just saying that they
started telling some
anecdotes about her and I said Okay well what a
beast I'm going away I don't need to
know more things about bad people and I
stayed smoking alone because I was
getting a little aggressive even you know they
were things that the Hey I said I'm
too sensitive for this I'm going to go
smoke a cigarette outside or  whether you're freaking out
or it fits with what I've been saying for a long
time, well, as it is, it's worth it. The moment
Sara starts to make peace with
Dallas, there she is against Sara, it's the same thing they
did to me with the resentment, you
know they go sowing so that I'll treat it the same way and I
have others, besides,
if you don't want to know something about someone, the
most logical thing is that they cut off the relationship, you're
not interested in the relationship and out, but
look, they don't cut off the
relationship, in fact, they're the ones who move
away, he says that he starts to move away
when Sara spends time with Dallas, but
when they go through the phase with Tala, but
that's not how it is, when it came to Marbella or
it's rp Spike that you're telling me the
other day, he was trying to get close to someone
to play with him, do you remember GTA and it
's one of them who gives the slip?
[Music]